For each prompt below: 

Read the prompt.
Identify the expectations.
Write specifications in pseudocode/plain English for all the tests that would be useful for that prompt.
Try to take any "edge cases," or unexpected circumstances, into account, and write test specs for them.
Try not to write extraneous tests!

1. Unit Tests:
A function called "multiplication" that returns the product of the two input numbers.
- verify that the two input numbers are infact numbers and not strings
- test that a known value set like 5 * 3 = 15 when passed throught the multipolication function

A function called "concatOdds" takes two arrays of integers as arguments. It should return a single array that only contains the odd numbers, in ascending order, from both of the arrays.
Example: concatOdds([3, 2, 1], [9, 1, 1, 1, 4, 15, -1])
    ...should result in [-1, 1, 3, 9, 15]
Think about the following; you may need to make assumptions or decisions about the prompt and how the code should behave:
    What should happen with unexpected inputs?
    - With unexpected inputs, you should get a notification that it does not meet a particular requirement.  
        What kinds of unexpected inputs should we worry about?
        - We should worry about non-array inputs or strings being inserted. 
    What should happen when there are multiples of the same odd number in the arrays? 
    (Hint: We gave you the answer to this one in the example above.)
    -  When multiples occur, it only appears once.  Make sure that in the result that their are no multiple values.

2. Functional Tests:
A shopping cart checkout feature that allows a user to check out as a guest (without an account), or as a logged-in user. 
They should be allowed to do either, but should be asked if they want to create an account or log in if they check out as a guest.
Think about the following; you may need to make assumptions or decisions about the prompt and how the feature should behave:
What should happen if the cart is empty?
What needs to be shown to the user at each step of check out?
What behaviors of this feature does the prompt miss or gloss over?
Hint: Observe the shopping cart and checkout features of some popular websites to get some ideas!